Continent descriptions
Present:
	Hallava:		
		a large group of islands, similar to Hawaii only many more and with greater variety of sizes. Smaller islands are tourist 
		attractions, while the larger ones are littered factories and mines, most are off-limits to the public. Despite the factories
		and mines the effect on the landscape is minimal, and still looks out-right beautiful, with only small hints of the existence 
		of these facilities. It is situated east of Erimoss and south-west of Werhrimm.

	Erimoss:	
		a large C-shaped continent holding The Great Gulf. The gulf’s coast line is Mediterranean in nature, while the northern coast 
		is icy and cold, with a small strip of pristine beach on the south-western most edge. The eastern half of the interior is 
		harsh desert with little life between the few metropolises. The western half is dense forest with tall trees towering over 
		the many small villages in the area. Most of the continent is controlled by ____ with the western 1/3 controlled by ___.

	Theera:		
		a rather small continent shaped in nearly a perfect ellipse with a massive mountain rising out of one of the foci of the 
		continent. This mountain, Mt. Theera, has a river flowing out of the peak that spirals around the mountain as it slowly 
		descends to the ocean at the base of the mountain. Mt. Theera is studded with many ruins of an, apparently, advanced ancient
		civilization. No major country claims to own Mt. Theera, but there is a mysterious tribe that lives there, not much is known
		about them.  The other half of the continent is nearly all savanna-like plains with one huge city in the center and three 
		other large cities in a triangle centered on the massive city in the middle. One of these three large cities is situated on 
		the thin strip of land connecting Theera to Erimoss’s western shore. This half of Theera and the western third of Erimoss is 
		controlled by ___.

	Werhrimm:	
		A MASSIVE chunk of land that is shaped much like a whale, with the larger “head” north and slightly east of Hallava. The land 
		mass slowly tapers down, wrapping around until the last third curves up to be just north-west of Mt. Theera. The larger 2/3 of
		the continent is split laterally into the northern ice caps, which are uninhabited, with huge, dangerous glaciers and mountains,
		and the great desert, which is sparsely inhabited with one large ___ settlement on one of the only navigable bays on the 
		continent. The center of the desert is home to many massive, tyrannical reptiles and is totally devoid of all other life. The
		final third is dense, almost impassible jungle. The floor of the jungle remains unmapped, and all who have tried to map it 
		never came back to show for the effort, it is often regarded as the most dangerous place in the world, even worse than the 
		ground in the center of the coliseums.  In sharp contrast, the canopy of the jungle is well developed with a virgining city 
		high in its reaches, and a complex network of bridges connecting it to many tiny villages in the area and the land on either 
		end of the jungle.

Past:


Future:
