Character sheet: main hero

Connor Pulte, Height: 5’10”, Weight: 220lb, age: 25, weapon group: heavy-melee, mystic: fire.		
	Connor is a tall man with broad shoulders. He is known well as an arena fighter in The Empire, but never really had, or wanted, 
	much recognition outside of his home town of Barabösa. His bulk has him lend well to large weapons very easily, but don’t 
	underestimate him with light weaponry.

Dustin Trémmor, Height: 6’0”, Weight: 180lb, age: 28, weapon group: light-ranged, mystic: lightning.
	Connor’s lifelong friend, they grew up together since their parents died, living off winnings from the arena matches. He is very
	quiet, and prefers to reserve his words for special occasions. Dustin is rather tall and thin lending him well to small weaponry 
	with his high agility, but is equally capable of using large, mass weapons

Penelope Vargas, Height: 5’4”, Weight: 160lb, age: 23, weapon group: light-melee, mystic: healing. 	
	Penelope is a small woman from where she describes as "a town of nobodys who do nothing", her wings have caused her some problems 
	with being shunned, exiled and sometimes imprisoned on account of people’s superstition. Due to her many hours of exile she has
	become indepentant and resents the duo when first found, only joinging after they take her map. Her wings also give her great
	agility on the battle field, making up for her light hits and hesitance to use mass weapons.

Michal von Therrisbürg, Height: 5’8”, Weight: 200lb, age: 45, weapon group: heavy-ranged, mystic: ???.    
    	An old shipsman admittedly past his prime with quite a “henkerin’ fer Bier”, and a belly to match. He is proven to be rather sparatic and
	crazy after a close call with blowing up the group. His ship gives him inclusion in the party. Although a little out of practice 
	Michal is still skilled with a trowing axe, though he contains general knowledge of most weapons.
 
Character sheet: main villain

Eric Pulte, Height: 5’ 9”, Weight: 190lb, age: 32, weapon group: light-melee, mystic: water
	Conner’s brother thought to have died in the fire that killed their parents. He is a cocky, through ass-hole around his brother,
	but a collected, ingenious strategist otherwise. Often in the corner instead of being with the group, his mind plays in his own 
	little world, sometimes almost appearing mildly autistic. While strange, this cool minded warrior will wreak havoc on the battle 
	field at close range with quick strikes and small weapons, but lacks the patience or steady hand to properly use heavy or ranged 
	weapons.

Benjamin Darce, Height: 6’ 6”, Weight: 275lb, age: 29, weapon group: heavy-ranged, mystic: stone
	A brute if you ever saw one, rippling with muscle to the ludicrous degree, Ben, as he is usually called, is not very bright, 
	even once breaking down his door because he couldn’t find his keys. Always oblivious to the plan he “just follows the flow”, 
	often causing problems for the team. Ben likes to stick with what he knows, brute force and explosions, and trends toward weapons 
	that offer both.

Samantha Porter, Height: 4’ 10”, Weight: 120, age: 12, weapon group: heavy-melee, mystic: void
	 A little girl with a massive inferiority complex, so much so that she insists on using weapons larger than her. She is also 
	 very sensitive, especially about her wings which were injured in an accident, with these she can fly but can’t stay aloft for 
	 very long. This doesn’t mean she is weak though, equally acrobatic on the ground as in the air, she often dances circles around
	 her opponents before killing them.

Dr. Magus Wilson, Height: 5’8”, Weight: 170, age: 64, weapon group: light-ranged, mystic: ???.
	An old inventor who just refuses to stop. Nearly everything of technological value is based off of his work with neutronic
	power. He has recently been exiled from the lab he was working in when word got out that he was working on time travel. His 
	colleges swear he’s gone mad. Dr. Wilson is certain he is, “so very close, there’s only a few bugs to work out.” Despite his 
	feeble frame, this man is not a stranger to combat. Often, before being fired for insanity, thieves would try to burglarize his
	lab. In efforts to protect his work he has gotten surprisingly effective with small weaponry from a distance, but lacks the 
	sturdiness to handle anything much larger.
